Made changes based on Adams suggestions (#13490)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/installation/vault/data-integration/server-tls.mdx

## Overview

> To use an Vault as the Server TLS Certificate Provider on Kubernetes, we will need to modify the steps outlined in the [Data Integration](/docs/k8s/installation/vault/data-integration) section:

Author: consul server is issued tls certificates by Vault.

          common_name="dc1.consul" \
          ttl=87600h
  ```
## Store the secret in Vault

This step is not valid to this use case because we are not storing a single secret.  We are configuring Vault as a provider to mint certificates on an ongoing basis.

## Create Vault policies
To use Vault to issue Server TLS certificates, you will need to create the following:

1. Create a policy that allows `["create", "update"]` access to the
    [certificate issuing URL](https://www.vaultproject.io/api/secret/pki#generate-certificate) so the Consul servers can
    fetch a new certificate/key pair.

>     -> **Note:** The PKI secret path referenced by the Vault Policy below will be your `server.serverCert.secretName` Helm value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The path to the PKI secret referenced in the `path` resource is the same value that you will configure in the `server.serverCert.secretName` Helm configuration (refer to [Update Consul on Kubernetes Helm chart](#update-consul-on-kubernetes-helm-chart)).
```

    <CodeBlockConfig filename="consul-server-policy.hcl">

    ```HCL
    path "pki/issue/consul-server" {
      capabilities = ["create", "update"]
    }
    ```

    </CodeBlockConfig>

    Apply the Vault policy by issuing the `vault policy write` CLI command:

    ```shell-session
    $ vault policy write consul-server consul-server-policy.hcl
    ```

1. Create a policy that allows `["read"]` access to the [CA URL](https://www.vaultproject.io/api/secret/pki#read-certificate),
this is required for the Consul components to communicate with the Consul servers in order to fetch their auto-encryption certificates.

    <CodeBlockConfig filename="ca-policy.hcl">

    ```HCL
    path "pki/cert/ca" {
      capabilities = ["read"]
    }
    ```

    </CodeBlockConfig>

    ```shell-session
    $ vault policy write ca-policy ca-policy.hcl
    ```

>     -> **Note:** The PKI secret path referenced by the above Policy will be your `global.tls.caCert.secretName` Helm value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The path to the PKI secret referenced in the `path` resource is the same value that you will configure in the `global.tls.caCert.secretName` Helm configuration (refer to [Update Consul on Kubernetes Helm chart](#update-consul-on-kubernetes-helm-chart)).
```
For consistency

> 1. Configure allowed domains for PKI certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure allowed domains for PKI certificates.
```
If I'm following along correctly, this is a new procedure and not part of configuring the policy, correct?

    Next, a Vault role for the PKI engine will set the default certificate issuance parameters:

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write pki/roles/consul-server \
        allowed_domains="<Allowed-domains-string>" \
        allow_subdomains=true \
        allow_bare_domains=true \
        allow_localhost=true \
        generate_lease=true \
        max_ttl="720h"
    ```

    To generate the `<Allowed-domains-string>` use the following script as a template:

    ```shell-session
    #!/bin/sh

    # NAME is set to either the value from `global.name` from your Consul K8s value file, or your $HELM_RELEASE_NAME-consul
    export NAME=consulk8s
    # NAMESPACE is where the Consul on Kubernetes is installed
    export NAMESPACE=consul
    # DATACENTER is the value of `global.datacenter` from your Helm values config file
    export DATACENTER=dc1

    echo allowed_domains=\"$DATACENTER.consul, $NAME-server, $NAME-server.$NAMESPACE, $NAME-server.$NAMESPACE.svc\"
    ```

> 1. Link the Vault policies to Consul workloads.  Create three Vault auth roles, one for the Consul servers, one for the Consul clients, and one for Consul components, that link the policy to each Consul workload on Kubernetes service account that requires access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Link the Vault policies to Consul workloads  

Create three Vault auth roles, one for the Consul servers, one for the Consul clients, and one for Consul components, that link the policy to each Consul workload on Kubernetes service account that requires access.
```
Right? The steps as I understand them are 1) create the policies, 2) configure allowed domains, and 3) Link the policies to Consul workloads
